[seabird calling]
‐ So tomorrow's
the coming‐of‐age ceremony
for the Young Lord Kikunosuke?
‐ That's right.
And once the ceremony is over,
he'll officially be
the leader of the clan.
‐ I'm guessing that young lord's
your little brother, right?
‐ Yeah, he is.
But unlike me, he's timid
and easily manipulated,
so he's become the puppet of
the head elder, Shogen Mamiana!
‐ All the local
raccoon dog demons
reluctantly serve
and obey Shogen as well,
even as the taxes he demands
get heavier and heavier.
‐ You're raccoon dogs.
Can't you just disguise
pebbles and leaves as money
and pay your taxes with that?
‐ That won't work against
another raccoon dog demon.
‐ Anyway, what's the deal
with this damn Shogen
and his Full Moon Raccoon Dog?!
I still can't believe
my Crimson Backlash Wave
had no effect on them!
And that stupid eyeball
that can paralyze you
with a beam of light,
that's like cheating!
TAKECHIYO: Yeah, we can't get
anywhere near that tower
while the moon is out.
It's too risky.
‐ Uh, wait.
We're running out of time here,
and now you're saying the place
is off limits to us at night?
‐ Only when the moon's out,
and it won't be out tonight.
‐ Huh?
‐ Last night was a dark moon,
which means there will be
a new moon tonight.
That changes everything.
BOTH: Ah.
MOROHA: A new moon, huh?
Great! Tonight it is, then!
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: "Battle on the New Moon,
Part 1."
[insects chirping]
‐ Your hair. Lady Towa...
‐ Ah, that's it.
I'd sensed Lady Towa's
demon power getting weaker.
Must be the New Moon.
TOWA: I see.
So tonight's my New Moon.
[gasps]
I wonder if Setsuna's okay.
‐ Hmm? What makes you say that?
‐ She doesn't know
what it's like,
losing her powers
during a New Moon,
because the Dream Butterfly
was stealing her dreams before.
But tonight...
‐ In other words,
she's becoming fully human
like Lady Towa right about now.
‐ Ohh! I can't believe it!
I should have been by her side
at a time like this.
What should I do?
‐ Lady Towa.
RIKU: Such feelings of guilt
are dangerous.
I remember Madam
once having similar feelings.
‐ I should have protected him.
The Shikon Jewel's prophecy
warned me that
the Great Dog‐Demon would die,
and still I did nothing
to protect him!
RIKU: At this rate,
Lady Towa will end up
following
the same path as Madam.
[rumbling]
‐ There's a foul scent
in the air.
[grumbles]
Tell me, snow beasts,
who or what was it that
passed through here recently?
‐ [jabbering]
‐ Sesshomaru's daughter
is here, you say?
What would she be doing
in these remote parts?
KOHAKU: So this is Yukinyudo.
‐ It isn't just our village
the demon's brought trouble to.
He's terrorizing
all the villages in the area!
‐ Is that so?
[Hisui grunts]
Kimonos?
‐ It'll be cold tonight,
so I'm bringing
the young lady upstairs
some extra layers to wear.
‐ [shudders]
It's freezing here.
I had no idea how cold I would
be without my demon powers.
What a terrible feeling.
Did Towa feel
this same sense of helplessness
on her night of the New Moon?
‐ Miss...
why don't you put these on?
It's going to be cold tonight.
They're of high quality.
A court noble who often stays
here leaves these as payment,
but they're far too nice
for us to wear.
‐ Well, thank you.
I am cold.
‐ [meows]
[meows]
‐ Oh? Kirara?
‐ [meows]
‐ [sighs] A snow demon's coming?
So it seems they've
already found out about me.
[sighs]
‐ Setsuna?
What's the matter?
‐ Oh, it's nothing, I'm just...
awfully tired all of a sudden.
But I‐I can't afford
to sleep right now.
Hisui, I need a favor.
[footsteps shuffling]
NANAHOSHI: With the moon
not being out tonight,
the stars shine
much more beautifully.
Don't you agree?
‐ No, I don't.
I dislike these nights
of the new moon.
‐ Oh, and why would that be?
‐ [chuckles]
For no particularly deep reason.
‐ Ah?
‐ Shine, lantern butterflies.
[music playing]
‐ Lady Zero,
we both know if you return
the Rainbow Pearls to your eyes,
you would have
even greater demon powers.
So why, then,
haven't you done so?
‐ They have grown
stronger than ever,
but at the cost of being infused
with memories
I do not care to see.
Hence, I will only use them
as a last resort.
However, that being said,
this Silver Rainbow Pearl
holds memories within it
that I find very interesting.
‐ [insects chirping]
‐ TOWA: Kohaku and the others
are there to protect Setsuna.
There's nothing I can do but
to just keep believing in her.
‐ The two of you were born
during a lunar eclipse,
you know.
What a day. I remember it well.
‐ What?
Riku, are you saying
that you were around
when Setsuna and I were born?
‐ [laughs]
I've often been told
I look young for my age.
There was also a lunar eclipse
the night 200 years ago
when your grandfather,
the Great Dog‐Demon, died.
‐ You know all kinds of things,
don't you, Riku?
‐ Well...
‐ It's really no surprise.
After all, Riku has the very
same memories as my father,
and my father traveled
all over the world.
‐ What do you mean?
‐ Oh, didn't you know?
Riku was created from a piece
of my father's broken horn.
‐ [gasps]
Really?
‐ Well, I, uh...
[sighs]
Yes, it's absolutely true,
Lady Towa,
and I would have told you
in my own good time.
‐ I had no right.
I'm sorry, Riku.
‐ So that's what you meant
when you called yourself
an imitation
and kept saying that your master
had abandoned you.
‐ I imagine that...
you must hate me now.
‐ Why would I?
‐ [gasps]
‐ Riku, it's like
I told you once before,
you are who you are.
So you're not perfect.
It's not a big deal.
‐ [gasps]
Lady Towa,
you are much too kind.
[sighs] I'm sure tears
aren't good for my injured eyes.
‐ You gonna be okay, Riku?
‐ [laughs]
RIKU: Please, Miss Rion,
don't laugh.
It's in very poor taste,
you know.
[pen scribbling]
‐ As you can see, I'll be
practically useless tonight
because of the New Moon.
But unfortunately...
that won't stop demons
from coming after me.
‐ What? They're coming here?
‐ [grunts]
I realize that‐‐
that it's a lot
to ask of the rest of you,
and I hate
to burden you with it.
[sighs] But it will only be
for this one night.
And if it's any compensation,
I've written down
several countermeasures
that you might want to use.
‐ [gasps]
‐ But it's completely up to you
whether to use them or not.
‐ Thanks. Got it!
‐ I am so sleepy.
I had no idea
just how exhausting it is
to go without sleep.
[stairs creaking]
‐ How's Setsuna doing?
‐ She wrote a list
and then went to sleep.
‐ A list? What kind?
‐ This kind. They're
suggested countermeasures
for dealing with the demons
that will be showing up tonight.
‐ Hmm. I see.
She put all this together
in that short amount of time?
I'm impressed.
‐ [breathing softly]
[waves crashing]
‐ I don't get it!
What is this thing?!
‐ They call it a hang glider
in the other world.
The notorious "Phantom Thief"
uses one of these,
and I know that,
because I saw him
on this thing they call a TV!
‐ My, you're so knowledgeable
about so many things.
You truly are
Lady Kagome's daughter.
‐ I don't care
how knowledgeable you are!
‐ Hmm?
‐ We saw how well you did
against Shogen Mamiana
the last time you took him on!
Why would it be
any different this time?!
Oh, this whole thing
is pointless!
We might as well just give up
and go back
to the corpse dealer!
‐ I'm not one to give up
'til the job is done!
Speaking of which...
I still can't get my head
around my parents
doing a job
on the Full Moon Raccoon Dog.
‐ Well, it was
Lady Kagome's spirit power
that really did the trick.
‐ My mom's spirit power?
You mean it wasn't my dad
who defeated
the Full Moon Raccoon Dog?
‐ No, Shogen was the one
your father, Inuyasha, defeated.
‐ Yeah. Now that you mention it,
that sounds familiar.
‐ Hey, if Moroha's parents
could defeat them, who knows?
Maybe we can, too!
How did they do it, Hachi?
‐ Very well, then.
I shall tell you the story.
HACHI: This all happened
more than a decade ago.
I was already assistant
head elder of the clan,
a position my family has held
since my grandfather's time.
When I was younger, however,
I liked to tag along with
Master Miroku on his adventures,
which led me to develop
a wanderlust of my own.
[no audible dialogue]
So that's why I had
very little interest
in the internal conflicts
of the Mamidaira Clan.
That is, until one night,
when we were holding
a funeral ceremony
for our former lord,
who had just passed away.
It took place
during a full moon.
‐ Eh?
BOTH: Where's the party?!
‐ [laughs]
‐ ♪♪ Cherry blossoms and bamboo ♪♪
♪♪ We have got a dance to do ♪♪
♪♪ We have come
to dance for you ♪♪
♪♪ Shogen, want to join us two? ♪♪
Sho‐gen! Sho‐gen!
‐ [grumbles]
‐ Sho‐gen! Sho‐gen!
‐ [wails]
‐ Sho‐gen!
‐ [cheering]
SHOGEN: Hell, why not?! [laughs]
‐ Yeah!
HACHI: Unable to contain
their excitement,
the raccoon dogs began to party
like there was no tomorrow.
‐ [grunts]
‐ HACHI: At last,
Shogen Mamiana
got so carried away
that he revealed
his true intentions.
‐ From this moment,
I, Shogen Mamiana,
take complete control
of the Mamidaira Clan!
Henceforth,
everyone will be taxed
at a higher rate than ever!
‐ But Shogen, sir,
be reasonable!
‐ [murmuring]
‐ Anyone who defies me...
[both yelp]
[coughing]
‐ will end up like those two!
[laughs]
MIROKU: Hold it right there!
Since you've finally shown
your true colors,
then so shall we!
‐ What the...
‐ [rumbling]
‐ Huh?
[Inuyasha grunts]
‐ Who are you people?!
‐ Well, this fellow to my left
is Hachiemon of Awa...
and we're all
his merry teammates!
‐ All right then.
Let's get this
over with, shall we?
‐ Hiraikotsu!
‐ Wind Scar!
‐ [wails]
You cursed wretch, how dare
you disfigure my face?!
You'll pay for that!
‐ [growling]
‐ There is so much demon energy
around that creature.
It's almost overwhelming.
‐ Yeah, this might not
have been the best idea!
‐ Pull yourself together, Hachi!
It's your people
that we're trying to save!
‐ [laughs]
‐ Eh? Huh?
‐ [yelps]
[women laugh]
‐ Well, well!
Aren't you a pretty sight?
‐ Hachi, do not let
your heart be seduced!
‐ You must fight off
the temptation
with fearless,
unwavering courage!
‐ Yes, sir.
‐ Wow, it would seem
your years of hard training
are finally paying off, Miroku.
‐ It's not just that, Sango.
I already have you by my side.
There is no spell that can make
my heart waver in its devotion!
‐ Strange time to be flirting.
‐ That's what I thought.
‐ [Sango grunts]
‐ [both yelp]
‐ [Miroku grunts]
‐ [women wail]
‐ That was too easy.
‐ That was extraordinary!
‐ Yeah, right.
If I hadn't been here,
you probably would have
run off with one of them.
‐ Anyways, as for you, Shogen...
Vengeful spirit, begone!
‐ Hmm? [growls]
Ohh!
Not bad, Monk. [growls]
‐ [Miroku gasps]
‐ Hey!
The big one's getting away!
‐ [panting]
‐ HACHI: Huh?
‐ [growling]
‐ Hachi, you help Lady Kagome.
‐ Right.
‐ Lady Kagome,
please rely on Hachi.
‐ Right. I'm on it.
‐ [sighs]
Wish I had my Wind Tunnel.
I'm counting on you
to seal that apparition away!
‐ Leave it to me!
‐ To us raccoon dog demons,
the Full Moon Raccoon Dog
is a guardian spirit,
so it might be problematic
if you purified him.
‐ Yes, Hachi, I know.
Don't worry!
Get ready!
Arrow of Sealing!
‐ Lady Kagome, watch out!
‐ Huh?
‐ [growls]
‐ Whoa!
‐ If you're hit
by that beam of light,
you'll be unable to move!
‐ Wait. Go up higher and
get us directly above them!
‐ Directly above?!
Now, Hachi!
Turn around
and dive straight at them!
‐ Aye, aye, ma'am! Hang on!
‐ [yells]
‐ [roars]
‐ We did it! We defeated him!
‐ Not quite. That seal
won't hold him forever.
‐ You all right, Kagome?
‐ Don't worry about me.
What happened to Shogen?
SANGO: I'm afraid he got away.
MIROKU: When we finally managed
to repel his demon magic,
he was gone.
‐ You're going to regret this,
I promise you!
HACHI: After that,
Master Miroku and Lady Kagome
worked together
to fashion a more powerful seal
to place
on the Full Moon Raccoon Dog.
‐ That was quite a story, Hachi.
Thanks for sharing.
‐ Yeah, it was real nice.
But anyways, you two,
we can't do anything
'til I recover my bow and arrows
from Shogen Mamiana‐‐
[gasps] Hey, wait a second!
You said my dad repelled
Shogen's demon magic,
but you didn't say how.
‐ Well, I can't say for certain,
because I didn't witness it.
I suppose
you'd really have to ask
someone who was on the scene.
‐ Yeah, but I
thought you told me
that both my parents were dead.
‐ I actually didn't see that,
either.
‐ We could always ask
Monk Miroku or Lady Sango.
They were there.
‐ Maybe, but how do we ask them?
‐ [whistles]
‐ [squawks]
‐ We'll let Takamaru
take care of it!
‐ Yeah, I hadn't
thought of that!
‐ [squawks]
‐ Oh, yeah!
‐ Man, look at this view!
‐ [Takechiyo grumbles]
‐ Go on, Takamaru!
‐ [squawks]
‐ So, Mr. Hachi,
what's the rest of the story?
‐ Oh, right. Where was I?
Ah, yes.
All would have been fine
if Lady Kagome's seal
had held up forever,
but one fateful night,
a terrible storm swept in
and hit this island.
That's when
Shogen Mamiana returned
and freed
the Full Moon Raccoon Dog.
‐ [crying]
‐ He then quickly seized control
of the Mamidaira Clan.
‐ [laughing]
‐ What's more, Shogen even tried
to kill the rightful heir,
Master Takechiyo,
by placing a curse on him.
[laughter continues]
[snoring]
‐ There.
I managed to remove the curse.
‐ [sighs] Now Master Takechiyo
has no one left in the castle
to protect him,
aside from my unworthy self.
‐ That's a problem.
And with Lady Kagome
and Inuyasha gone,
we have no way of sealing
the Full Moon Raccoon Dog,
either.
If he remains here
on this island,
the young lord is
not destined to live very long.
‐ What should we do?
‐ Hmm.
There is one place I could
take him where he might be safe.
HACHI: And that's
the whole story.
TAKECHIYO: Yeah, Monk Miroku
took me to Mr. Jyubei.
He made
the corpse dealer promise
that he'd keep me
hidden and safe.
‐ Wow. So that's what happened.
‐ [wind gusts]
‐ [gasps]
Whoa!
Hey! An updraft!
Now we're talkin'!
BOTH: Whoa!
MOROHA: Look!
That eyeball thing
on top of the tower
is sleeping on the job!
Now's my chance to get
my bow and arrows back
from Shogen Mamiana!
[both yelling]
[breathing softly]
[rumbling]
[Yukinyudo laughs]
So that inn down there
is where Sesshomaru's daughter
is staying?
‐ [jabbering]
[chime rings]
‐ [gasps]
Rion, stay back!
‐ Lady Towa, you might have
forgotten you won't be able
to use the Zanseiken
or the Kyuyokon tonight,
so I think it might be better
if we left this to him.
‐ But Riku can't fight, either.
[chime rings]
‐ That was brilliant, Riku.
‐ Amazing.
Not a single movement
was wasted.
‐ There.
That should take care of it.
[gasps]
Did Madam release these papers?
Get Lady Towa away from here,
Miss Rion, quickly!
[both gasp]
[ominous music playing]
‐ What is this?!
‐ Lady Towa!
‐ Rion, get away!
No.
‐ Miss Rion, it would seem
that the Madam
has taken Lady Towa away.
‐ My Aunt Zero?
‐ Where am I?
‐ [Zero laughs]
‐ [gasps]
Zero!
‐ [laughs]
Without your demon power,
you're easy prey
for my illusion spell.
‐ [gasps]
‐ My, my. What a strange
little girl we have here.
The sorrow in her eyes
is subtle, but intense.
‐ A grieving heart
and tears of distress.
What a feast.
Enjoy your meal,
Lord Nanahoshi.
[both laughing]
[Japanese music playing]
[music playing]
SETSUNA: Tonight is
my first New Moon,
when I become human
for the first time.
Towa, be careful
of the eternity bug.
And, Moroha, you will
need Takechiyo's help
if you're to counter Shogen's
World Reversal technique.
Next time on Yashahime:
"Battle on the New Moon,
Part 2."
I leave the rest
in your hands, Hisui.